nice add okay let's heroin man don't we
all know that feeling too much heroin
Knowles who turned up on little heroin
dial you know no feels like we just saw
you guys feels like we just saw ya and
we did because it's back-to-back
episodes up preacher this week that
means regular scheduled Monday nights
for preacher and you'll see us ivory
Tuesday breaking down the episodes be
sure to subscribe also follow buddy
Hutton on Twitter and Ryan arcpy on
Twitter send us your comments questions
let's jump into Mumbai sky tower episode
2 of preacher season 2 that was a lot
you rocked that that was that was good
so we pick up right where we left off
with the Saints slowly walking through
streetlights towards preacher and he's
trying to use word and it's not working
so then the saint shoots a preacher
kills a guy I made fun of the fact that
axle-grease had a delivery truck we find
out why they did it obviously a major
metropolitan area isn't gonna use that
much actual grease maybe they do I don't
know what the market for axle grease is
anyway this was a shout out to axel
Alonso he was a longtime vertigo editor
and now he's actually editor-in-chief at
and Marvel Comics so anyway I mean
that's really cool and we missed it I
missed it I'm sorry but now we caught it
so it's all good and we actually saw him
on Twitter he tweeted that he loved that
little reference a little shout out that
they gave him in the show but yeah so
the gun conventions going on at the
relax in so jesse has an army of friends
that could shoot at at the the saint and
he commands them to do so but the saint
is the terminator in none of the bullets
work against them basing all the stuff
we thought was gonna happen from
watching the promo happen so tulip is
hanging out in the hotel room at the
relax in and we mentioned it last
episode but tulip was the first one to
find out that their town was blown up in
a shitstorm and I mean we expected it to
be a big blow to both of them so you see
them
it took away less time than I assumed it
was gonna take they sit on the bed in
the middle of a gunfight and you see a
guy like a shadow of a guy with a gun
shooting to the right of their hotel
room and I was like oh my gosh the
Saints gonna come and then they leave
the room and run to the right and I was
like they're gonna run right into him
and that was just weird continuity there
the Saint was to the left the guy was
drunk or something
there's a lot of little background
details of people running from the guy
who's from the Saints in shooting them
also to your point they didn't only have
enough time to let it all process you
know seeing that anvil was blown up
they're on the run literally from the
Saint but a funny moment here the dude
with his arm chopped off is in there
trying to get his root beer obviously in
some shock right there and finally Jesse
uses the word to calm him down and shut
him up then we get a first hint that the
Santa killers can actually track down
Jesse when he uses this power
preacher and fam stopped at a gas
station behind them on a lot of gas by
the way well that car is a gas guzzler
that is this you get a Prius or a Tesla
guys Prius would be much easier and
quiet yeah they could escape the sink a
lot better yet mm-hmm so on the sign at
the gas station we tried to unscramble
the words or something I used a wheel of
fortune' unscrambler I used Scrabble by
line there's nothing written on that
sign let us know if you can make
anything out of these words these
letters it doesn't look like English
language there's a mrw reddit my
reaction when my reaction when I don't
know what the hell's written in the
background of a show the one who
actually might be able to help us you
someone who actually might know what to
do with this bloody cowboy if you say
Gandalf I'm gonna hit you no I mean
really be able to help us out here guys
another fun Easter Egg you probably
noticed this last season but we got to
see it again this year this shot is from
Breaking Bad Sam Catlin the showrunner
of preacher also worked on Breaking Bad
and this is of course the Jambi Robert
damn that is the same filming location
from both shows pretty cool to see kind
of the intersection of both shows maybe
jesse is waiting there Jesse's in hell
so we see fewer a who is headlining at
the Mumbai Sky Tower which is an Indian
casino like India but a different kind
of Indian he took over for a lounge
singer Frank Patel who later in the
episode goes goes on a little bit about
his love of Frank Sinatra yeah I loved
it that Fiore was was doing a Gallagher
show when he was literally killing
himself every time yeah the little
splash zone everyone had their their
tarps so they don't get the blood all
over the place pretty hysterical to see
him become the main attraction
at this Indian casino but he's miserable
he is completely miserable and a big
part of the reason is because the Blanc
is no longer with him so I I love it
that the or a sees his relationship with
the Blanc as them being best friends and
all the viewers and even Cassidy sees
them as being in love and he's like no
no where's his best friend
yes he's like yeah but you guys its bang
right he's like what we just sleep
together totally naive
he's just being an angel about the
situation I also found it interesting
that like fioor is basically he feels
like earth is like his living hell you
know he hates it there he does not does
not get it it is not easy disappointed
in a lot of what he sees going around on
earth and he might as well just be back
in hell although he does say how bad it
is to be down there and isn't want to go
back down there
he's absolutely miserable Cassidy does a
really good job of you know being a BFF
and a time of need and kind of getting
what he what he needs the information
and him to trust him as well turns up
the heroine dial yeah that helps there's
a really dark humor moment in this yes
when a when a dying kid comes into
Ganesha's dressing room give away my
secret no I struck nice try
a dying kid asking an angel how he comes
back from the dead
in fureai has no idea so he's just like
yeah I'm not gonna tell you my secret
and the kids like no extremely dark
another Easter Egg for comic book fans
when we're in the dressing room we see a
poster of Bill Hicks the late comedian
obviously he was appeared in issue I
believe 31 of preacher he plays a big
role in Jesse's life after having seen
him perform live in the comics yeah
Bill Hicks is he kind of has that
influence on a lot of people so it's
it's interesting that they put that in
the comic book because I think that a
lot of people consider him to be
life-changing the first time they hear
him and it may not apply socially now
but I would go give him a listen the
current political climate is going to be
interesting for everyone too if you
haven't heard Bill Hicks go ahead go
ahead make me use it what's what happens
that's that was fine that US isn't it
he's tracking the word yes right and
then we finally get confirmation from
Fuhrer that Jessie whenever he uses the
word he's gonna get tracked down by the
Santa killers so he has to be very
cautious about who he uses it on when he
uses it and the fact that a terminator
is basically coming after him and he
cannot stop him so Jessie can't you know
blatantly go using it as much as he
wants to see or does not trust Jessie
obviously we all know this does not
trust him with this power he does not
believe that any human being anyone
should have this power and that's
basically why he's trying to get rid of
it and put it back in its little box you
know from last year
let's get married excuse me
tulip is against them getting married
they never got married in the comics I
find that a lot of tulips personality
was revealed in this episode she starts
talking about her uncle so drunk and
then the one time he put on a suit it
mattered to her there's gunshots
everywhere and she's sitting on a bed
watching the television and and she's
fine this girl has been through a lot of
[ __ ] and it's really apparent that she
you know she beat someone to death with
like a lying father what the hell are
those things called
I get buzzer when you're trying waiting
for your meal at a restaurant meal
buzzer but for weddings weddings wedding
meal buzzer she beats someone to death
with a wedding buzzer I can't do this
now Gary please not today now this
character Gary and the man on the phone
Victor they're not in the comic
specifically but tulip does have a
pretty crazy past in the comics she was
hired to take out another person to
perform a hit and she actually did not
perform the job so she's kind of wanted
by her former employers so maybe down
the line once they get into New Orleans
and get into some more trouble we will
see these characters pop up again but it
wasn't a specific reference from the
comic books we all know that Genesis is
kind of a tricky thing it's if you you
know Jesse tries to do some
than good with it and it always ends up
bad so he he tells fiora to find peace
and the only peace that flora can find
is in death he's his love is gone he
hires the saint for a second job and the
saint shoots him in the heart I want you
guys to know right there cute yeah you
know I found this task by the Santa
Killers to be kind of a compassionate
thing to do like we didn't really know
he looks like a stone-cold killer from
what we've seen in the comic books
obviously he's filled with hatred that
he freezes hell over but at this moment
he was kind of compassionate in in
taking fury out of his misery and or
maybe maybe there's more to that that he
commands him and he has no choice but to
do it but you know he killed him and and
if you're he's obviously thankful for it
the saint isn't an evil character at all
dude he he the whole reason why his wife
and child died is because he went back
to help a family that ended up being
like these evil right people and that's
all inherent I mean he has a lot of
hatred but he also is working for angels
so I don't think the saint is a bad guy
I think that he's trying to put a stop
to something that's potentially evil and
he just is kind of a hard-ass about it
he's like Clint Eastwood you know
definitely doing it there there's levels
to evil I guess I would say and when
you're murdering innocent people on the
street way there's a question to say if
they're innocent or not they shot first
but if they're oh the guy who get the
gas station so ripping is hung out I
mean that's kind of that's a little bit
you lie don't lie don't lie sin around
him hold on he'll kill you one it had in
it had a grenade launcher under her gun
yeah that's not legal she's an evil
woman well in Texas it might be though
no is it legal to have grenade launchers
in Texas let us know in the comments one
question that I have for you and for you
guys in the comments will the word now
work on the saint of killers now that
the two angels that brokered the deal of
them are dead that's a good question I
know that obviously is departure from
the comic books where Jesse's voice of
God does work on the scene of killers
but here it's pretty much we're
against him well I have a question for
you Ryan what was your favorite part of
the episode I think we both agreed that
our favorite part was when Cassidy and
few are in the fort that they made who
doesn't like making forts for awesome
eating ice cream who doesn't like eyes
are talking about I'm lactose intolerant
I really wanted to eat that ice cream
they're talking about baby foreskins
again guys best part of the episode let
us know your favorite part of the
episode and answer Ryan's crazy question
from before in the comments below we'll
get in there and talk to you
thank you guys a whole bunch guys leave
now if you don't want to know what we
watched in the episode 3 promo because
we're gonna get into it if you're still
here the next episode is called damsels
and it looks like a ton of fun they are
finally getting to New Orleans and we're
gonna meet a bunch of new characters not
only new characters but old characters
are returning buddies favorite character
from season 1 our space our space looks
like he's gonna be back and it looks
like I don't know maybe it's his own
personal hell I know in previews that
we've seen we've seen a young Hitler as
well as ours face and it looks like
they're kind of in the same setting
looks like some sort of maximum-security
prison or something so will there be
conversations between Hitler and our
space that's gonna be pretty crazy
eautiful also Cassidy runs into an old
friend named Dennis now I don't know if
Dennis was in the comic books but there
is a character in the comic books from
New York City sigh Coltrane who was a
journalist and get this also a serial
killer at night so he might help them
with any leads on finding God and
finally another character
Featherstone's that Sarah Featherstone
from the comics she of course is the
right hand to her star who is a big bad
this upcoming season we'll dive into him
later on here when he shows up but they
are a part of the Grail or in this TV
series Grail industries so it's gonna
get crazy yes already is crazy but it's
gonna get even crazier you're crazy
guys you are crazy you're crazy for
sticking around of this video so long
thank you so much guys give us a
subscribe give us a like give Ryan Eric
P a tweet on Twitter I love you oh yes
let me know if we messed up anything
send us any comments any questions you
guys might have and thanks so much for
watching we will see you next week with
episode 3
I still love you